feature: Built-in monitor for field coverage (#263)
scrapinghub/spidermon: docs/source/settings.rst

List of dictionaries describing :ref:`expression monitors<topics-expression-monitors>` to run when the engine is stopped.

SPIDERMON_ADD_FIELD_COVERAGE
----------------------------
Default: ``False``

When enabled, Spidermon will add statistics about the number of items scraped and coverage for each existing

> field following the format:

Reviewer: :lipstick: 

```suggestion
field following this format:
```

``'spidermon_field_coverage/<item_type>/<field_name>': <coverage>``

.. note::

   Nested fields are also supported. For example, if your spider returns these items:

   .. code-block:: python

      [
        {
          "field_1": {
            "nested_field_1_1": "value",
            "nested_field_1_2": "value",
          },
        },
        {
          "field_1": {
            "nested_field_1_1": "value",
          },
          "field_2": "value"
        },
      ]

   Statistics will be like the following:

   .. code-block:: python

      'spidermon_item_scraped_count/dict': 2,
      'spidermon_item_scraped_count/dict/field_1': 2,
      'spidermon_item_scraped_count/dict/field_1/nested_field_1_1': 2,
      'spidermon_item_scraped_count/dict/field_1/nested_field_1_2': 1,
      'spidermon_item_scraped_count/dict/field_2': 1,
      'spidermon_field_coverage/dict/field_1': 1,
      'spidermon_field_coverage/dict/field_1/nested_field_1_1': 1,
      'spidermon_field_coverage/dict/field_1/nested_field_1_2': 0.5,
      'spidermon_item_scraped_count/dict/field_2': 0.5,

SPIDERMON_FIELD_COVERAGE_SKIP_NONE
----------------------------------
Default: ``False``

> When enabled, fields returned that contains `None` as value will not be counted as an existing value.

Reviewer: :lipstick: 

```suggestion
When enabled, returned fields that have ``None`` as value will not be counted as fields with a value.
```

----------------------------
Default: ``False``

When enabled, Spidermon will add statistics about the number of items scraped and coverage for each existing
field following the format:

> ``'spidermon_item_scraped_count/<item_type>/<field_name>': <coverage>``
> ``'spidermon_field_coverage/<item_type>/<field_name>': <item_count>``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``'spidermon_item_scraped_count/<item_type>/<field_name>': <item_count>``
``'spidermon_field_coverage/<item_type>/<field_name>': <coverage>``
```

Author: Thanks! It is fixed!

.. note::

   Nested fields are also supported. For example, if your spider returns these items:

   .. code-block:: python

      [
        {
          "field_1": {
            "nested_field_1_1": "value",
            "nested_field_1_2": "value",
          },
        },
        {
          "field_1": {
            "nested_field_1_1": "value",
          },
          "field_2": "value"
        },
      ]

   Statistics will be like the following:

   .. code-block:: python

      'spidermon_item_scraped_count/dict': 2,
      'spidermon_item_scraped_count/dict/field_1': 2,
      'spidermon_item_scraped_count/dict/field_1/nested_field_1_1': 2,
      'spidermon_item_scraped_count/dict/field_1/nested_field_1_2': 1,
      'spidermon_item_scraped_count/dict/field_2': 1,
      'spidermon_field_coverage/dict/field_1': 1,
      'spidermon_field_coverage/dict/field_1/nested_field_1_1': 1,
      'spidermon_field_coverage/dict/field_1/nested_field_1_2': 0.5,

>       'spidermon_item_scraped_count/dict/field_2': 0.5,

Reviewer: This covers “regular” nested fields. What about [nested fields within lists](https://github.com/scrapinghub/spidermon/pull/263#pullrequestreview-459565813)? (if they are not supported, maybe we can just state so).

Author: They are not supported (and I don't think it is worthy to add try to add it now). I will include a note on the documentation about this.
